Submariner doc architecture overhaul stolostron/backlog#27003 (#4465)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/addon_overview.adoc

> {product-title} add-ons can improve some areas of performance and add function to enhace your applications. The following sections provide a summary of the add-ons that are available for {product-title-short}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} add-ons can improve some areas of performance and add functionality to enhance your applications. The following sections provide a summary of the add-ons that are available for {product-title-short}:
```
